tidb-resource-control: Add info about unbind (#15166)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

> - When you bind a user to a resource group by using `CREATE USER` or `ALTER USER`, it will not take effect for the user's existing sessions, but only for the user's new sessions.
> - TiDB automatically creates a `default` resource group during cluster initialization. For this resource group, the default value of `RU_PER_SEC` is `UNLIMITED` (equivalent to the maximum value of the `INT` type, that is, `2147483647`) and it is in `BURSTABLE` mode. Statements that are not bound to a resource group are automatically bound to this resource group. This resource group does not support deletion, but you can modify the configuration of its RU.

> To unbind users from a resource group you simply bind them to the `default` group again like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To unbind users from a resource group you, simply bind them to the `default` group again as follows:
```

> To unbind users from a resource group you, simply bind them to the `default` group again as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To unbind users from a resource group, you can simply bind them to the `default` group again as follows:
```

```sql
ALTER USER 'usr3'@'%' RESOURCE GROUP `default`;
```

> See [`ALTER USER ... RESOURCE GROUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md#modify-the-resource-group-bound-to-the-user) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, see [`ALTER USER ... RESOURCE GROUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md#modify-the-resource-group-bound-to-the-user).
```

> See [`ALTER USER ... RESOURCE GROUP`](//sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md#modify-the-resource-group-bound-to-the-user) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [`ALTER USER ... RESOURCE GROUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md#modify-the-resource-group-bound-to-the-user) for more details.
```
